I'm deputy manager Yvonne, chair the meeting today.
Mingtao is the note taker for the tur record of our conversation today.
and before our meeting, i just want to double check with you, whether you have received the letter. 
yes, i receive the letter
okay and then you know you've got the right to be accompanied by a fellow employee or trade union representative. so are you on your own
i'm along tonight
okay no problem
because i want to make sure this is anonymous. so i don't want any other people to know. because it's between me and the duty supervisor during that day.
i don't want anybody else to get involved

because we received your greivence writing so today is for our investigation. i need to understand what happened the other day
and then once you told me what happened. then i will go back to investigate further and then i would know the full story
so once i know the full story
then i would make decision based on that.
but i have a question before we go ahead. Is hr somehow getting involved in this, or do we investigate first
anything else after them move on to the hr process is that how it works?
So basically i'm doing the investigation as the hr not involved in this process
they would know that information i gathered. and then the decision made based on it
and then it's all information of course. but they are not involving like making decisions or having a meeting. right any part of this investigation

that's fine okay so do you want me to go through the story
yeah  i think first of all yeah, i need to kind of understand what happened so initially
i see you put the reason for your grievance towards the duty supervisor
yes, because you feel him, lack of decision making, inhuman decision, ignorance,
so can you tell me about and what do you mean by inhuman, what happening
okay so first of all during that day, i had what there were multiple issues with settlements
the kind of Canadian football, women's football wasn't settled for three four days already
and then we had another obvious error on the same day. so it caused a lot of issues we got so busy
I'was on live chat okay and the vip 14 and remember that day
it was so pissed off that no matter what i say
he literally forced me to go to the official site so why don't you go to the official site to get scores why can't you settle
why don't you do this yourself
no matter what i say he put pressures on me
okay
so, my emotion was broken. i was broken. i was literally locked. i can't
i won't say lost control. i was emotionally damaged on that line. on that special point around half ball issue
so that's what happened in the record basically
and then i asked the duty team leader if i can you know away a little bit to make sure the complaint notes are done
and the email are done to make sure i've done my part and after that i said
i'm not emotionally available to do like chat for the rest of the night
which was over
just 3hours yeah from half four to eight.
because i wasn't emotionally prepared to continue
so can i change my task to something else, and then the team leader passed on to duty supervisor
he came back to him saying asking the issue what's going on
i told him everything about it
he said i can't do this for you i can't change your tasks due to 
um how they translated in English
hmm either would be magical decision or task decision whatever
the company just literally couldn't change at all
I did appreciate that he personally gave me 30 minutes break to recover from my emotional situation
is that thirty minutes break part of your normal break
no additional
okay
Additional he gave that to me personally
and i did appreciate that however after 30 minutes
i came back i still didn't think i was prepared to give hundred percent on live chat because i don't want to damage my own bonus and my own personal scores at all.
i don't want to make damage to the customers
so i said i still don't think i'm emotionally available more
like that for i am available to continue working in different areas
As i was working at home, i can't do telephones
so i said you can give me emails. give me more email that's fine for the rest of the day
He refused every bit of my request, and then he gave me two options
say if you're not available for the task because sick
but i'm not sick and i was emotionally unprepared you know not hundred percent for that task
or i can work he said
then you have to go back to office yeah
i can't do anything else like then you left me with no choice because you can call sick if you want
but then i'm not sick then if i have

i said i am available to work.
but if i have to do live chat that i'm being forced to do it.
i have no choice
he said if you are okay to work, go back to the chat.
okay so when you say inhuman and ignorance yes
is it about your request has been declined the request of um not able to
or mentally not able to complete the live chat for the rest of the night 
yes
is that what you be as yes
because my the quality is what i focus on the quality of my work is basically my passion and what i do
he ignores the quality
all he was saying was you have to maintain high quality
which was to me i wasn't i wasn't there
i wasn't available for that
i couldn't possibly give a hundred percent to live chat
especially during that night
so i believe my request was ignored
and my emotional feeling was also ignored
on in that circumstance when i mentioned inhuman
that was part of the reason as well
because after 30 minutes
i wasn't prepared of one hundred percent
you cannot ask somebody to go to a psychologist
and say can give you a 30 minutes break
give you a 30 minutes treatment
you've done you can't do that right
that's not possible
i tried to recover by taking a cold shower to cool myself down. had a drink okay
i mean water and coffee
not the other drink but to cool myself
down for i felt you know deep inside my heart and still be struggled and people know that i said
you either go home
set
if you either go set and you're done for the rest of the night
or you um
you go back to live chat.
there's no option for me because i'm already on pretime
available set
there's no point for me to call in sick for three hours
and get another capability
you understand there's no option for me for that one and also technically
i wasn't sick. i was just emotionally unprepared emotionally damaged during that point
is there not performing
there wasn't a proper option
okay
so what is your expectations to happen
okay so this happened i've saw this happened multiple times
and personally experienced quite a few times when we had
let's say a tough customer but we had a little bit of emotion on the live chat or on the phone
when the team leader sense that
he or she will come to us individually
saying are you okay
hmm
and then we say oh
we had a really tough customer
and then
the team leader during that day will normally say okay
come off live chat or come off the phone for a
bit i will put some email to you work them through
and then when you feel better
i'll put you back online
and i personally felt that was the correct way to do it
and if i had that option
i'll be having no issues at all
i was really disappointed that the supervisor couldn't decide what team leader could do
so am i right to say you expect a supervisor after you come back from the 30 minutes break and then to check whether you're okay continue with your live chat
if not then he should have more decisions to do
you expect him to put you on email for example
request it or maybe another 30 minutes or one hour
and then once you are getting better, and you can continue with the live chat
even that option i was okay for it. for i really disappointed that there was no option for me
even a team leader could make that decision for a supervisor

did the duty supervisor tell you the reason
why he could not arrange that have a work decision okay
work decision. no idea that all he said
so go back to the chat so can you tell me more about the chat
so you mentioned that customer sort of for you to check the official site for that result
but actually you can't do that
you can't do that or you don't have the OSS to that
we have no resources 
okay um
even we we had the post from oss saying stop sending email through because they haven't got the official score
because they have to make decisions between the zero to four or three to four yeah for for the final score
okay
but i couldn't tell the customer about that. but all i said we have to wait for official to give out that information
he said why don't you ask the league
okay
i have i told them that you know i can't send it to the settlement team because they are actually working on it
why can't you just tell them to go quicker. i said there is no way to do that. because they're waiting for official and then he come all the way back to me against
and why do you go to official. i asked you to go to official, and then i said unfortunately that's that's something out of my remit.
and he said is this your name. i'll put complaint against you
and that literally lit my fire
i was literally so give up on that
because the customer saying he wants to complain is that it
that's one

okay the second part was because we have no help from the settlement team
they ask us to stop sending email through. so there's nothing we can do

for myself. i did do something wrong because i didn't try to provide more
for example a bet credit,
but that is not what the customer's request
and similar things happened
when on the same game for different customer. 
i asked him if i provide you 300 of a Chinese currency for bet credit
would you be okay to wait
customer said no i just want things to get done
so that's why i made decision that
even if i offer the bet credit. He probably won't accept it
but that was on my side that was my decision making
but we have no help from oss
OK have you seeked support from team leader, while you are dealing with the chat?
No because i was so busy with chats. i was having 3 at the same time
and i can't remember the other two requests for one at one
finished it
and then the new pain and i have to continue with the other one
and then that fire have caused so much pressure on that night.
While he mention my name and direct me
but you know he tries get a complaint against me personally
and i thought i did nothing wrong, and that's when the pressure overload

okay so it's just two reasons uh
you felt the chat put a lot of pressure on yeah
one is no help or no information from oss that you could provide to the customer
and then customer mentioned your name and make complaints
so these two reasons that gave you the pressure is
and then you are not able to continue handling it
through the rest of the night?

that's correct

okay and then you mention another thing is you felt
threatened when the duty supervisor said you should be able to handle the situation.
can you tell me what do you mean by it

i probably didn't use the word correctly it wasn't threatening
it was actually moral kidnapping

okay

what i mean by that is you can't just go to somebody say
i expect you to to be able to handle this when you as a Band B advisor.
when a Band B cannot have emotional damage?
a Band B can't make mistake?
that doesn't make any sense isn't it or you can't go to a judge say
expect you to win the case when you are judge
you just cannot do that
i felt there was no one standing the tall ignorance
for a colleague in that way.

so you see it like there are totally different things as a Band B advisor is
a Band B advisor, of course as being a person actually to say something
of the world

that's right

where we're all human
we have to understand each other
people do make mistakes
people do have emotional issues
and if we have too much pressures
we need understanding 
we can't have a supervisor sitting under their house
and then saying oh look
i expect you to do more expect you to be great
i expect you to be a hundred percent

after you request it to to go off live chat
and then reject it
and continue with the livechat for the rest of the night?

during those three hours also
during that first hour it was still slightly physic
but the other two hours kind of quiet down
it's typical drawing every day
i try my best to make sure every customer ends up with a happy answer

okay is it just that you request
whether you can off the chat and that's the result
but there's nothing and no decision message from the team leader

cause normally by asking team leader about something that is
when the team leaders can make decision

like i mentioned before even without request if a team leader senses that if somebody having struggled with their work with their task
they'll say oh you know
calm yourself down a little bit
have a have a drink and do some emails
and then i'll put you back to live chat or  phones later on

there have no response i mean a decisive response from the team leader 
he or she passed it directly to the supervisor.

there's one more thing i mentioned
but the other day i saw the supervisor edited that his conversation with me
because when i use curse word about the customer
say
is a is a bullshit custoemer whatever.
i put too much pressure
i can't handle it i i i request to stay away from livechat tonighgt.

He said what i think he's one of the sentence he used um the same words and uh
if you see another a bullshit customer like this
um
just you know
i can't remember exactly what he used that curse as well
which i found a bit weird, unless he had evidence later on edited is

while you have a conversation with the supervisor
so like on Teams?

On Teams that is a function that we could use to add its message okay
because you know they shorten SB. he use that same word
if you try to persuade your colleague with something, it's not a professional way to do it
i know i didn't do a professional way because i was emotionally confused or damaged
so i expressed my emotions of him well

he came back to the same thing if you see that SB again
i can't remember exactly what he said

when you see the first version of that message and right
after that he added a half hour later okay
so take a please after that after the SB that the word
he put trouble in that yeah

so i've just summarized unless you've got anything else about what happened at night or about the grievance?

about the grievance and a little bit i don't know if this out of my line or whatever i personally felt that when he used the words task decision or work decision
i kind of have a question or issue with it
because during my my daily routines
i found out some of the task were not reasonable

is it related to these grievance?

yes
what happened yes
because like i said i requested to be offline to do emails a little bit he said
due to work decision, i can't let you go offline
and then i came across that he got somebody else on live chat to cover me
so i was having the question that if i call sick
will it be fair for that person to cover me for the rest of that night?
that's one more question
the second question is you have the ability to find someone to cover me for a little bit
and why couldn't you do it
that's my second question
my third question was there were multiple people called sick during that day
where the everybody was on pressure
was having pressure
why do people working at home have to work on live chat a hundred percent
why do we have to work that all the time
when actually in office some people is when they were doing special task
and they were free
they were able to to help or to support

those questions you just mentioned is your question behind what happens right?
okay so um

i'll figure what you do

okay

so i will stop um without you to call those questions first

it's not what happens just your questions about yes
about maybe the decisions make us uh be surprised so um

i i'm not an answer the discussion tonight
because we can have another discussion later on
okay

yeah we finished the investigation so i think
you could mask down those questions yeah
and then we can do it when we next to meet
then we can have a discussion for them

you're not sure about the questions about
okay so
do you have any ideas about this
evening
no haven't um that's that's
that's everything okay

okay so i'll summarize based on my understanding so what happened was first
you are dealing with the livechat and the customer he chased for the settlement yeah
and then then you you were affected by emotionally affected by the customer
because first you do no get help from coss no information available
then the second is customer wanted to complain on you
so um at that point you join the chat
you haven't see any support from duty supervisor
but at the end of the live chat um
you don't feel you are able to continue the chat 
so raises to the duty team leader yes
and then duty team leader raised to the duty supervisor yes
um and the duty supervisor arranged
additional thirty minutes break
and then comes back
and allows the break time when you came back from the break
and you request from the supervisor the left whether
you can be off the chat for the rest of the night yeah
and the supervisor saying besides it's a management decision
either management decision or work decision
i don't know how like which ones okay
that's just translation okay
so it's a work decision work decision yeah so
become do any other task apart from
can you use a live chat yep
otherwise if you can't do that
then you need to call sick.
um
so you felt that you don't have any options because of the case
not one of your options
because you don't want to have another capability yes

but the only options you got these continue to chat because you
mm hmm quite ready to have for the life chat
but you still continue with the live chat path yes
to finish the end of your shift
yes
yes and i mentioned it took him
i mentioned to him if you put me on life chat
then i'm in force
he said if you're okay
you can go online 
okay
i will told you that yeah
and the conversation you've got with the supervisors actually

my body is well okay
i'm fit to work
okay but emotionally it wasn't prepared okay

that's right
what is your um
so you felt
not prepared to continue with the chat

what is the reason for that?
do you have any concern about continuing the chat?

because on life chat, we are facing 3 possible at the same time and also
it is a time management task but have to get back to the customers within a certain time
and also going down is almost
can't give the exact figure for
most like literally over fifty
percent of the customer were asking for the same game
which i had no answer for i felt i wasn't prepared to deal 3 customers at the same time
and also multiple customers in the waiting line

i would prepare for that for i was like emails
i was okay
because i can handle individually

if you're not able to deal with livechat every time
because you
because that will put pressure on me again

i don't want to snap one more time okay
pressure e you see free chat free chat
free customer at the same time cues in the line
people asking for same question
that's where i felt the pressure

yeah i think that's all questions
yeah
that's all i can express
okay okay
i would go back
and then to review the things that are complete investigation
thanks for coming.
